 In January 1968 , during the Vietnam War , the North Vietnamese Army ( still under Giáp 's command ) initiated a siege and artillery bombardment on the U.S. Marine Corps infantry and artillery base at Khe Sanh , South Vietnam . Historians are divided on whether this was a genuine attempt to repeat their success at Điện Biên Phủ by forcing the surrender of the Marine base , or else a diversion from the rest of the Tết Offensive , or an example of the North Vietnamese Army keeping its options open . At Khe Sanh , a number of factors were significantly different from Điện Biên Phủ . Khe Sanh was much closer to an American supply base ( 45 km or 28 mi ) compared to a French one at Điện Biên Phủ ( 200 km or 120 mi ) . 




 Although the Machecoul massacre , and others that followed it , are often viewed ( variously ) as a royalist revolt , or a counter @-@ revolution , twenty @-@ first century historians generally agree that Vendee revolt was a complicated popular event brought on by anti @-@ clericalism of the Revolution , mass conscription , and Jacobin anti @-@ federalism . In the geographic area south of the Loire , resistance to recruitment was particularly intense , and much of this area also resented intrusion by partisans of the republic , called " blue coats " , who brought with them new ideas about district and judicial organization , and who required reorganization of parishes with the so @-@ called juring priests ( those who had taken the civil oath ) . Consequently , the insurgency became a combination of many impulses , at which conscription and the organization of parishes led the list . The response to it was incredibly violent on both sides . 

 Rilke 's poetry , and the Duino Elegies in particular , influenced many of the poets and writers of the twentieth century . In popular culture , his work is frequently quoted on the subject of love or of angels and referenced in television programs , motion pictures , music and other artistic works , in New Age philosophy and theology , and in self @-@ help books . 

 Nuggets : Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era , 1965 – 1968 ( includes " I Had Too Much To Dream ( Last Night ) " ) , 1972 , Elektra , reissued 1976 Sire 

 After World War II another series of reforms , influenced by the quality of officers produced by the special entry scheme and other nations ' experience with training officer candidates in a university setting , were initiated to increase the quality of officers in the Navy . In 1949 the entry age was increased to 16 , and by 1955 the entry age was increased to 18 and entry required a minimum of two A levels . After 1957 midshipmen no longer served in the fleet . In 1972 , all cadets became midshipmen when the rank of cadet was abolished . 

 1972 , " Most Valuable Studio Player " , NARAS , New York Chapter 

 Greg Kot of The Chicago Tribune noted that Rihanna assumes the role of playing the victim in the song , and not the offender , saying " She 's wary of men even when she ’ s flirting with them in ' Wait Your Turn ' . " Prior to Greenblatt 's album review of Rated R , where she briefly commented on " Wait Your Turn " , she also reviewed the song when it leaked onto the Internet in early November , saying " Now that the wait is nearly ova , are you feeling it , Music Mixers ? I cannot tell a lie ; I ’ m a little underwhelmed by this new walk @-@ the @-@ plank Pirate incarnation . " William Goodman of Spin magazine was more critical and dismissive of the song , saying " ' Wait Your Turn ' ... leaked online over the weekend , and like the album 's lead track , ' Russian Roulette , ' it 's a total let down : clunky , Auto @-@ Tuned vocals repeat ' The wait is ova / The wait is ova ' ad nauseam , over dark atmospherics and a spare dub beat that fails to connect ... it 's certainly not worth the wait . " 

 Jack Richardson as Peter Grant . Abby 's young son . Unseen during the first series , he is unknowingly set free from Billy and a group of children his age . Billy finds him again and takes him to Dr. Whitaker , who uses him to find a cure for the virus ( he inherited his mother 's ability to fight off the infection ) . He is reunited with his mother at the cliffhanger ending at the close of the second series . 

 " I Want You " 

 Certain problems can be solved using this result . For example , consider two measuring cups of volume a and b . By adding / subtracting u multiples of the first cup and v multiples of the second cup , any volume ua + vb can be measured out . These volumes are all multiples of g = 



 Rates of OFC increase alongside cases of unchecked primary hyperparathyroidism . In developing countries , such as India , rates of disease as well as case reports often mirror those published in past decades in the developed world . 

 Laucke 's classical / flamenco musical style is a blend of his classical studies with Bream , Segovia , Valdès @-@ Blain , and his friendship with de Lucía . Although classical and flamenco guitar are two quite different musical styles , Québec 's French @-@ language newspaper Le Soleil chronicled Laucke 's feelings and reasoning about performing both . 

 World Heavyweight Championship ( 2 times ) 

 Sigurður Einarsson , Chairman of Kaupthing Bank 

 A North Korean tank column equipped with ex @-@ Soviet T @-@ 34 / 85 tanks overran the task force in the first encounter and continued its advance south . After the North Korean tank column had breached U.S. lines the Task Force opened fire on a force of some 5 @,@ 000 North Korean infantry approaching its position , temporarily holding up the North Korean advance . North Korean troops eventually flanked and overwhelmed American positions and the remnants of the Task Force retreated in disorder . 


 After the fourth game , the series went on a two @-@ week hiatus . The Soviets returned to Russia and continued playing in an ice hockey tournament . The Canadians took a few days off , then travelled to Sweden for a pair of exhibition games before arriving in Moscow . 

 The exclusion of professionals caused several controversies throughout the history of the modern Olympics . The 1912 Olympic pentathlon and decathlon champion Jim Thorpe was stripped of his medals when it was discovered that he had played semi @-@ professional baseball before the Olympics . His medals were posthumously restored by the IOC in 1983 on compassionate grounds . Swiss and Austrian skiers boycotted the 1936 Winter Olympics in support of their skiing teachers , who were not allowed to compete because they earned money with their sport and were thus considered professionals . 

 " The Great Money Caper " is the seventh episode of The Simpsons ' twelfth season . It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 10 , 2000 . In the episode , Homer , along with his son Bart , con people out of their money in order to pay for Homer 's broken car . However , after having paid for the repairs , the two decide to continue grifting , which leads to some troublesome situations . 







 Chains of Olympus has been praised for " fantastic " graphics and " tight and responsive " controls . In 2008 , IGN awarded Chains of Olympus the " Best PSP Action Game " , and in September 2010 , it was listed as the best PSP game by GamePro . God of War III received praise for its graphics , in particular of Kratos ; IGN stated that Kratos is " perhaps the single most impressive @-@ looking character ever in videogames . " IGN also said that God of War III " redefines what the word ' scale ' means with regards to videogames , as it throws you into scenes with Titans that are larger than entire levels in some other games . " God of War III received awards for " Most Anticipated Game of 2010 " and " Best PS3 Game " at the 2009 and 2010 Spike Video Game Awards , respectively . The game also won the " Artistic Achievement " award at the 2011 BAFTA awards . Ghost of Sparta was praised for its graphics and story , with Chris Pereira of 1UP saying that it was " a more personal story than the other GOW games . " It received several awards at E3 2010 including " Best Handheld Game " , " Best PSP Game " , and " PSP Game of Show " , and won " Best Handheld Game " at the 2010 Spike Video Game Awards . 



 The symbol of the slave ship is furthered by specific set designs , including the round window in Ben Geisler 's office which resembles a porthole , as well as the walkway leading to Mayhew 's bungalow , which resembles the boarding ramp of a watercraft . Several lines of dialogue make clear by the film 's end that Barton has become a slave to the studio : " [ T ] he contents of your head " , Lipnick 's assistant tells him , " are the property of Capitol Pictures " . After Barton turns in his script , Lipnick delivers an even more brutal punishment : " Anything you write will be the property of Capitol Pictures . And Capitol Pictures will not produce anything you write " . This contempt and control is representative of the opinions expressed by many writers in Hollywood at the time . As Arthur Miller said in his review of Barton Fink : " The only thing about Hollywood that I am sure of is that its mastication of writers can never be too wildly exaggerated " . 

 By the 16th century Conisbrough Castle was in a poor state of repair , and a royal survey carried out in 1537 and 1538 showed that the gates , bridge and parts of the walls had collapsed in a spectacular land slippage , and that one floor of the keep had also fallen in . The collapse of the walls was a consequence of the instability of the top soil on top of the limestone spur , which was a mixture of clay and sandstone ; once the clay was washed away over time , the remaining sandstone proved extremely unstable and liable to crack . 

 " 14 Jun 1798 Travel : Somerset coal canal – caisson cisterns to be formed at Combe Hay & nr . Midford . Sealed proposals <unk> on embanking & excavation with the masonry ; or each separately – send to sub @-@ committee , Waldegrave Arms , Radstock 20 Jul Plans & <unk> on <unk> . " 

 After the 1968 presidential election , George Romney was named the U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in the administration of the newly elected President Nixon . Lenore was not enthusiastic about leaving Michigan to return to Washington after five decades away , but said , " Any wife wants to be with her husband wherever he is , whether state or federal government , just so he can develop his creative ideas . " By then , the couple had 12 grandchildren . 

 Upon the Duke 's death from cancer in 1972 , the Duchess travelled to the United Kingdom to attend his funeral , staying at Buckingham Palace during her visit . The Duchess , increasingly frail and suffering from dementia , lived the remainder of her life as a recluse , supported by both her husband 's estate and an allowance from the Queen . She suffered several falls , and broke her hip twice . After her husband 's death , the Duchess 's French lawyer , Suzanne Blum , assumed power of attorney . Blum sold items belonging to the Duchess to her own friends at lower than market value , and was accused of exploiting her client in Caroline Blackwood 's The Last of the Duchess , written in 1980 , but not published until after Blum 's death in 1995 . Later royal biographer Hugo Vickers called Blum a " Satanic figure … wearing the mantle of good intention to disguise her inner malevolence " . In 1980 , the Duchess lost the power of speech . Toward the end , she was bedridden and did not receive any visitors , apart from her doctor and nurses . 

 Following those games , the Webfoots embarked on a long trip through the Eastern United States ; they were the first college basketball team from the West Coast to do so . Nine games were set up in as many cities , with eight held on the East Coast and one in San Francisco before the team returned home . In scheduling the extended trip away from Oregon , Hobson sought to show the team " different styles of play and officiating " and help them prepare for games later in the season . As a result of the extended travel , a University of Oregon student newspaper nickname the club the " Wandering Webfoots " . The first game of the trip came in December at New York City 's Madison Square Garden against City College of New York ( CCNY ) . Oregon had a poor start to the game ; according to the Sporting News , the team was " confused by officials ' interpretation of legal and illegal screens to the moving picks set by City College of New York . " CCNY took an early 10 @-@ point lead , but Oregon cut its deficit in half by the end of the first half , and tied the game at 30 – 30 . Despite Oregon 's comeback attempt , CCNY won 38 – 36 to hand the Webfoots their first loss of the season . The trip continued on December 19 with a game at Convention Hall in Philadelphia , against local team Saint Joseph 's . Oregon won easily by a 54 – 44 margin , as Gale and Wintermute led the Webfoots with 13 points each . 


 The Nailers had three players selected for the 2009 ECHL All @-@ Star Game , all reserve forwards . Nick Johnson , the only Penguins prospect , was drafted by the team 67th overall in 2004 and signed an entry @-@ level contract with the organization in March 2008 . Johnson did not play in the All @-@ Star Game because he finished the season with Wilkes @-@ Barre / Scranton . 

 Both countries were incapable of enforcing these claims with a seaborne force in the next few years , as the Argentines were occupied with internal military operations against the indigenous population ( 1870 – 84 ) , and the Chileans involved in the War of the Pacific ( Guerra del Pacífico , 1879 – 83 ) against Bolivia and Peru . Still , several warships were ordered by both nations : the Argentines commissioned a central battery ironclad , Almirante Brown , and a protected cruiser , Patagonia , in 1880 and 1885 , respectively . For their part , the Chileans ordered a protected cruiser , Esmeralda , to bolster its fleet , which was centered on two central battery ironclads , Almirante Cochrane and Blanco Encalada . With these ships , the Chilean Navy emerged from the War of the Pacific as the preeminent navy in the Americas , surpassing even the navy of the United States , which had fallen into steep decline after the American Civil War . The Chilean government utilized this advantage when it deployed Esmeralda to Panama in 1885 to block the U.S. from attempting to annex the region . 

 In Venkata Krishnappa Nayaka 's Telugu rendition , Ahalya is depicted as a romantic adulteress . When Brahma creates Ahalya as the most beautiful being , she falls in love with Indra and longs for him , but Brahma grants her to Gautama . After Ahalya 's marriage , Indra too craves for her . He frequently visits her and flirts with her in Gautama 's absence . At one point , Ahalya receives a visit from Indra 's female messenger , who proceeds to mock husbands who avoid sex by saying that it is not the right day for pleasure . Ahalya protests , maintaining that she imagines Gautama to be Indra as they have sex and that a woman should be a stone , forgoing all thought of sexual gratification . That night , when Ahalya longs for conjugal bliss , Gautama refuses her , saying that she is not in her fertile period . Agitated , she wishes that Indra was there to satisfy her . Indra perceives her wish and comes in Gautama 's disguise , but is revealed by his seductive speech . Ignoring the deception , Ahalya joyously makes love to him . 

 6 mixed salt . 

 = = Charts = = 

 Though quite agile on land ( capable of running as fast as a horse ) , capybaras are equally at home in the water . They are excellent swimmers , and can remain completely submerged for up to five minutes , an ability they use to evade predators . Capybaras can sleep in water , keeping only their noses out of the water . As temperatures increase during the day , they wallow in water and then graze during the late afternoon and early evening . They also spend a lot of time wallowing in mud . They rest around midnight and then continue to graze before dawn . 


 At the Cinema ! ( Mercury , 1959 ) 

 = = Reception = = 

 = = Influence = = 

 In its taxonomic history , Harrya chromapes has been shuffled to several different genera , including Boletus , Leccinum , and Tylopilus , and is known in field guides as a member of one of these genera . In 2012 , it was transferred to the newly created genus Harrya when it was established that morphological and molecular evidence demonstrated its distinctness from the genera in which it had formerly been placed . 

 = = = Birth = = = 

 = = Iconography = = 

 In April 1930 , Crowley moved to Berlin , where he took Hanni <unk> as his magical partner ; the relationship was troubled . In September he went to Lisbon in Portugal to meet the poet Fernando Pessoa . There , he decided to fake his own death , doing so with Pessoa 's help at the Boca do Inferno rock formation . He then returned to Berlin , where he reappeared three weeks later at the opening of his art exhibition at the Gallery Neumann @-@ Nierendorf . Crowley 's paintings fitted with the fashion for German Expressionism ; few of them sold , but the press reports were largely favourable . In August 1931 , he took Bertha Busch as his new lover ; they had a violent relationship , and often physically assaulted one another . He continued to have affairs with both men and women while in the city , and met with famous people like Aldous Huxley and Alfred Adler . After befriending him , in January 1932 he took the communist Gerald Hamilton as a lodger , through whom he was introduced to many figures within the Berlin far left ; it is possible that he was operating as a spy for British intelligence at this time , monitoring the communist movement . 


 = = Early life = = 

 = = = 2007 : World top 10 = = = 

 These powers included the ability to both restrict tribal powers or to relax such restrictions . Congress has done both , such as in the withdrawal of federal recognition of the Menominee tribe with the Menominee Termination Act in 1954 , and the Menominee Restoration Act to restore tribal recognition and powers . The earlier decisions in Duro , Wheeler , and Oliphant dealt with cases where Congress had restricted a tribe 's inherent powers but pointed at nothing in the Constitution or established precedent that prohibits Congress from relaxing such restrictions . The decision in Duro was one of federal common law , and it is clear that Congress has the power to change that law . Since the power exercised by the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe was that of inherent tribal sovereignty , double jeopardy did not attach . 


 Billy Bowers – additional engineering 

 Christopher Jackson of <unk> described the track as a " to @-@ the @-@ point introduction to the classic Mogwai sound - elegant musings on a web of bass @-@ heavy guitars , growing patiently to a peak filled out with massive distorted chords and fat drum fills " . Brandon Wu of Ground and Sky described the song 's progression , " [ starting ] with a quietly pretty melody . . . [ building ] to a massive climax of guitar and bass noise . " and " woven through [ the ] crescendo is a beautiful , lyrical guitar line . . . simply stunning . " 

 Francis Guinan as Rupert 

 The role was the most difficult to cast , and eventually the filmmakers decided to approach Cleese , noting " Who would you rather make the argument [ to Klaatu ] for mankind than John Cleese ? " Stoff , a producer , had met Cleese a few times beforehand and had noted his intellect . The actor was surprised the filmmakers were interested in him , and decided playing a dramatic role would be easier than to play a comedic one at his age . He was often reminded to speed up his dialogue so that Reeves would not appear in <unk> with normal human speech patterns . Cleese said he is not interested in extraterrestrial life because he often <unk> about the purpose of life and why humans are distracted by trivial matters . Cleese spoke about portraying abilities outside his own experience in the scene in which Klaatu corrects a formula Barnhardt has written on a blackboard : " The trouble is , I had to be able to write the equation , because Barnhardt has been working on it for 60 years . I learned to carefully copy things down that mean nothing to me at all . In A Fish Called Wanda , I spoke a lot of Russian without having any idea what it means . " 

 Having used London @-@ based Indian musicians from the Asian Music Circle on " Love You To " and " Within You Without You " , Harrison recorded " The Inner Light " in India with some of the country 's foremost contemporary classical players . In early January 1968 , he travelled to HMV Studios in Bombay to record part of the score for Wonderwall , much of which would appear on his debut solo album , Wonderwall Music . The day after completing the soundtrack recordings , on 13 January , Harrison taped additional pieces for possible later use , one of which was the instrumental track for " The Inner Light " . Five takes of the song were recorded on a two @-@ track recorder . 

 = = History = = 

 In 1647 Fox began to preach publicly : in market @-@ places , fields , appointed meetings of various kinds or even sometimes " steeple @-@ houses " after the service . His powerful preaching began to attract a small following . It is not clear at what point the Society of Friends was formed but there was certainly a group of people who often travelled together . At first , they called themselves " Children of the Light " or " Friends of the Truth " , and later simply " Friends " . Fox seems to have had no desire to found a sect but only to proclaim what he saw as the pure and genuine principles of Christianity in their original simplicity , though he afterward showed great prowess as a religious legislator in the organization he gave to the new society . 


 Cho Ki @-@ chon was born to poor Korean peasants in the village of <unk> <unk> in the Vladivostok District of the Russian Far East on 6 November 1913 . The Pacific region of the Soviet Union , where he lived , was a center for Korean independence activists . He particularly drew literary inspiration from Cho <unk> @-@ hui , a fellow Korean writer living in the Soviet Union who – in believing in national emancipation by upholding socialist principles – had already written about anti @-@ Japanese guerillas . Thus he acquired a nationalistic and class conscious worldview in his literature . 

 = = = World War I = = = 


 = = = Season 2 = = = 

 = = = Pongamia <unk> in Australia and India = = = 

 Philip Yancey , an American journalist based in Colorado , was inspired to write a book about grace in Christianity when he went to the White House to interview President Bill Clinton . Clinton , a Southern Baptist from birth , told him , " I 've been in politics long enough to expect criticism and hostility . But I was unprepared for the hatred I get from Christians . Why do Christians hate so much ? " Yancey later said that , although there are many reasons for Evangelical Christians to disapprove of Clinton 's policies and lifestyle , hating him was not a valid option for Christians . 


 Some forms of meningitis are preventable by immunization with the meningococcal , mumps , pneumococcal , and Hib vaccines . Giving antibiotics to people with significant exposure to certain types of meningitis may also be useful . The first treatment in acute meningitis consists of promptly giving antibiotics and sometimes antiviral drugs . Corticosteroids can also be used to prevent complications from excessive inflammation . Meningitis can lead to serious long @-@ term consequences such as deafness , epilepsy , hydrocephalus , or cognitive deficits , especially if not treated quickly . 

 Victoria Pendergast 

 = 2010 – 11 York City F.C. season = 


 = = As a tourist attraction = = 

 = = Architecture = = 

 Feminism was challenged by various minority groups for not entirely addressing the needs of minority populations . It was suggested that ' mainstream ' feminism was upper caste and Hindu in its orientation and did not address the concerns of minority women . This led to the formation of the Awaaz @-@ e @-@ <unk> ( The Voice of Women ) in 1987 in Mumbai in largely Muslim part of the city . The Muslim community has personal laws that often were considered harmful to the rights of Muslim women . The Muslim personal law allows Polygamy but not <unk> . 

 In 1781 , Greenup helped settle the area now known as Lincoln County , Kentucky where he spent time as a surveyor and a land speculator . He was admitted to practice law in the county court in 1782 . Following Virginia 's creation of Kentucky County in 1783 , he was admitted to the bar of the district court of Harrodsburg and served as clerk from 1785 to 1792 . In 1783 , he became one of the original trustees of Transylvania Seminary ( later to become Transylvania University . ) He purchased two lots of land in Lexington and served as the clerk of the town 's trustees . 

 = = Later life and career = = 

 The Stoney ( Assiniboine ) First Nations were removed from Banff National Park between the years 1890 and 1920 . The park was designed to appeal to sportsmen , and tourists . The exclusionary policy met the goals of sports hunting , tourism , and game conservation , as well as of those attempting to " civilize " the Indians . 



 = = Track listings = = 

 = = Discography = = 




 In season 3 , when the Underwoods are President and First Lady of the United States , Claire 's marriage to Frank begins to falter , and she ultimately decides he is no longer " enough " for her . She leaves him in the season finale , but comes back in the fourth season , treating their marriage as a purely political arrangement to further her own career . When he is shot during a campaign event , Claire privately admits that she feels nothing for him . Throughout the season , she works behind the scenes to undermine Frank 's election campaign , before finally joining forces with him in order to become his vice president . She also has an affair with her speechwriter Tom Yates ( Paul Sparks ) , with Frank 's approval . 

 Weber 's magnum opus Economy and Society is a collection of his essays which he was working on at the time of his death in 1920 . After his death , the final organization and editing of the book fell to his widow Marianne Weber . The final German form published in 1921 reflected very much Marianne Weber 's work and intellectual commitment . Beginning in 1956 , the German jurist Johannes <unk> began editing and organizing the German edition of Economy and Society based on his study of the papers that Weber left at his death . 

 = = Release = = 

 The station is equipped with a shed , but no other amenities , and also lacks a ticket machine . The platform ( but not necessarily the train ) is wheelchair accessible . There are about ten parking spaces at the station . A shuttle bus corresponds to all trains during the opening hours of the airport , and a bus trip takes four minutes to the airport terminal . The shuttle bus leaves the airport ten minutes before each train 's scheduled departure . The bus is operated by NSB , and is included in the price of the train ticket . There are 42 bus departures each day . The train supplements a coach service , Torp Expressen operated by <unk> , to Oslo , and a local bus service to Sandefjord , operated by <unk> <unk> . 

 Crawford 's obituary in The Times described him as one of the best young players to play cricket in England and said : " Although he invariably played in glasses , he was a most attractive player to watch , an aggressive hitter of the ball and a dangerous medium @-@ paced bowler " . Wisden described him as a " hard @-@ hitting batsman " , and said he played mainly from the front foot . He had an orthodox batting technique , moved his feet well to get to the ball , and played very straight . Herbie Collins , who played with Crawford in Australia , described one of his innings as " a hurricane innings , full of classical shots charged with dynamite . " 


 On 13 October 1939 , a month after the outbreak of the Second World War , Blamey was promoted to lieutenant general , and appointed to command the 6th Division , the first formation of the new Second Australian Imperial Force , and received the AIF service number <unk> . Menzies limited his choice of commanders by insisting that they be selected from the Militia rather than the Permanent Military Forces ( PMF ) , the Army 's full @-@ time , regular component . For brigade commanders he chose Brigadiers Arthur Allen , Leslie Morshead and Stanley Savige . He selected Brigadier Edmund Herring to command the 6th Division artillery , Colonel Samuel Burston for its medical services , and Lieutenant Colonels Clive Steele and Jack Stevens for its engineers and signals . All except Allen had previously served with him during his time commanding the 3rd Division in Melbourne . For his two most senior staff officers , he chose two PMF officers , Colonel Sydney Rowell as GSO1 and Lieutenant Colonel George Alan Vasey as AA & QMG . 

 Harlan ’ s ground sloth , <unk> harlani 


 The first tournament of 2002 for Serevi was in Chile . Fiji advanced to the semi @-@ finals where they faced New Zealand . During the match Serevi was tackled late by New Zealander <unk> Valence . Fijian player Marika Vunibaka ran 50 metres to punch Valence and a brawl then erupted – Fiji ended up losing the game . Serevi and Fiji rebounded the following week to win the tournament at Mar del Plata , Buenos Aires . Serevi played in the Brisbane , Wellington , and then Beijing Sevens before returning to Hong Kong . In Fiji 's defeat of Australia in their quarter @-@ final , Serevi scored 13 points to take his Hong Kong points tally over 1000 . Fiji defeated New Zealand in their semi @-@ final and faced England in the final . England defeated Fiji 33 – 20 in the final . Later that year Serevi captained Fiji to the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester . He helped get the team to the games ' final with a try @-@ saving tackle during Fiji 's 17 – 7 defeat of South Africa in their semi @-@ final . The final was against New Zealand , and despite Serevi landing a penalty to give Fiji a 15 – 14 lead with two minutes left , New Zealand won 33 – 17 . This gave Serevi his second Commonwealth Games silver medal . 

 Currently , entanglement in fishing nets and collisions with ships represent the greatest threats to the sperm whale population . Other threats include ingestion of marine debris , ocean noise , and chemical pollution . The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) regards the sperm whale as being " Vulnerable " . The species is listed as endangered on the United States Endangered Species Act . 

 Horses are odd @-@ toed ungulates , or members of the order <unk> . This order also includes the extant species of rhinos and tapirs , and many extinct families and species . Members of this order walk on either one toe ( like horses ) or three toes ( like rhinos and tapirs ) . This is in contrast to even @-@ toed ungulates , members of the order Artiodactyla , which walk on cloven hooves , or two toes . This order includes many species associated with livestock , such as sheep , goats , pigs , cows and camels , as well as species of giraffes , antelopes and deer . 


 In October 1887 Davies became the surveyor to the <unk> Road Board . On 10 April 1893 , he joined the <unk> Mounted Rifle Volunteers , and was commissioned as a lieutenant in May 1895 ; he was quickly promoted to captain six weeks later , becoming the commander of the unit . He was also active in local government , and in February 1897 was elected a member of the New Plymouth Harbour Board , representing Taranaki North . 

 Stevie is the privately educated daughter of rich parents , who have abandoned her to go travelling . She is said to be clueless about real life , with her profile on the official E20 website describing her as generous , creative and unlucky in love , though she has a boyfriend . Although she is described as posh , Fairbank @-@ Hynes said Stevie is not just like a posh girl in East London , but would be out of place anywhere as she is in her own world . Fairbank @-@ Hynes opined that posh characters in Walford stand out and can bring comedy to the show . Stevie is very naive and , according to Fairbank @-@ Hynes , " away with the fairies " — the most naive person anyone could meet . However , writer Emer Kenny was worried that Stevie being " away with the fairies " would make her unrealistic , but said that Fairbank @-@ Hynes made the character recognisable . Because of Stevie 's naivety and her kind nature , people see this as an invitation to take advantage of her . Stevie does not understand why people are cruel to her because she sees the good in them and wants to look after them , be around people and mother them . Fairbank @-@ Hynes commented , " Stevie 's the type of person who thinks a stranger is a friend she hasn 't met yet " . However , Stevie is very forward , which can scare people away . She is also creative , empathetic and a complete daydreamer who lacks common sense but has bursts of assertiveness and intelligence , which can surprise people . Thompson said that Stevie has a good balance as she can be ditzy but also quite smart . Fairbank @-@ Hynes identified with the character 's mad outbursts , innocence and daydreaming , and also said Stevie is quirky , lovely and eccentric . Her daydreaming can lead people to believe she is a bimbo , but she is not . 

 Leonardo was , and is , renowned primarily as a painter . Among his works , the Mona Lisa is the most famous and most parodied portrait and The Last Supper the most reproduced religious painting of all time , their fame approached only by Michelangelo 's The Creation of Adam . Leonardo 's drawing of the Vitruvian Man is also regarded as a cultural icon , being reproduced on items as varied as the euro coin , textbooks , and T @-@ shirts . Perhaps fifteen of his paintings have survived . Nevertheless , these few works , together with his notebooks , which contain drawings , scientific diagrams , and his thoughts on the nature of painting , compose a contribution to later generations of artists rivalled only by that of his contemporary , Michelangelo . 


 As a captain , Jardine inspired great loyalty in his players , even if they did not approve of his tactics . Christopher Douglas judges that Jardine did very well to keep the team united and loyal on the Bodyline tour . He points out that team spirit was always excellent and the players showed great determination and resolve . Jardine particularly impressed Yorkshiremen who played under him , as they believed he thought about cricket in a similar way to their county colleagues . He became close to Herbert Sutcliffe during the Bodyline tour , even though Sutcliffe was sceptical about Jardine on the previous Australian tour in 1928 – 29 . Hedley Verity was impressed by Jardine 's tactical understanding and named his younger son Douglas after the captain . Bill Bowes expressed approval of his leadership after initial misgivings , and went on to call him England 's greatest captain . Nevertheless , some players such as Arthur Mitchell who played under Jardine believed he was intolerant and unsupportive of players of lesser talent , expecting everyone to perform at world @-@ class standards . 

 = = Preparations and impact = = 


 SR 778 's short journey begins at the intersection of SR 101 and County Road 43 ( CR 43 ) , and travels north , taking over for the county road . The two @-@ lane connector route travels primarily amidst farmland , passing a small group of trees and a couple of homes on the west side of the roadway prior to arriving at its endpoint at the intersection of SR 19 and CR 44 . As SR 778 enters the intersection from the south , SR 19 forms the northern and eastern legs , and CR 44 uses the western approach to the intersection . 

 = = = Amenities = = = 



 The newfound success in roguelike @-@ likes is considered part of a larger trend in those that play both board and computer games , looking for " rich play experiences " , as described by 100 Rogues developer Keith Burgun , that more popular titles may not always offer . David <unk> of Gaslight Games stated that there is a thrill of the risk inherent in roguelike @-@ likes with random generation and permadeath , helping the player become more invested in the fate of their player character : " The deadly precariousness inherent to the unknown environments of roguelikes gives that investment a great deal of meaning . " Additionally , many of these newer roguelike @-@ likes strive to address the apparent high difficulty and ruthlessness that traditional roguelikes were known for , and newer players will be able to find more help through user @-@ generated game guides and walkthroughs made possible through wide Internet accessibility . Fabien Fischer offers that players have taken to independently @-@ developed roguelike @-@ likes as they have tired from " superficial gameplay , whitewashing spectacle , the content craze , and Skinner Box design " in titles produced by AAA developers and publishers . 


 Described as an " old @-@ style centre @-@ right socialist " , Dormand was a working @-@ class child who progressed through grammar school education to study at Oxford and Harvard to a career as an educational administrator before entering Parliament at the age 50 , where he was noted as an advocate for education and for mining areas . He never achieved ministerial office , but as a skilled administrator he played a significant role as a government whip in the 1970s , and as Chair of the Parliamentary Labour Party when the party was in opposition in the 1980s . An atheist and a staunch republican , he reluctantly accepted a life peerage when he retired from the House of Commons and was an active working peer until his death 16 years later . 

 Governor Mark Sanford declared a state of emergency as Charley approached landfall and issued a mandatory evacuation for residents on barrier islands and in coastal locations in Georgetown and Horry Counties . In Georgetown County , this order was focused on residents and tourists east of U.S. Route 17 , likewise for Horry County . 180 @,@ 000 people evacuated the Grand Strand . <unk> in Beaufort and Charleston Counties were shut down , and bridges in Georgetown and Horry Counties were locked down . Hampton County requested 2 @,@ 000 sandbags , that were provided by the Department of Corrections . The <unk> Correctional Institution also filled 30 @,@ 000 sandbags for potential floods . State troopers directed traffic inland from Myrtle Beach . U.S. Route 501 used a lane reversal to allow for evacuations . 


 Initial reactions to Akane were mixed . Hiroko Yamamura from Japanator liked the way the first episode focused on Akane 's first day as a police officer and her opinions of it . Thomas Zoth from The Fandom Post said Akane 's personality is typical of those in dramas ; he called her a " naive waif who gets over her head with her first case " . Zoth said that in later episodes , he liked the relationship Akane established with Masaoka and Ginoza , which resulted in several interesting scenes . Zoth said he grew to care about Akane during the first half of the series in " a somewhat ironically ' moe ' way , as she 's grown as a character " . In a similar review , Rebecca Silverman from Anime News Network said Akane 's actions in the first episode " [ set ] her up as the clear @-@ eyed , albeit naïve , outsider of the story , willing to look at things differently " . 

 In the 1820s , it passed to entrepreneur John Colbatch , who demolished it in 1823 . The local authorities tried to arrange for the land to be kept as open space , but negotiations collapsed and Colbatch began planning the construction of a hotel . 


 Football League Trophy , Runners @-@ up : 2 


 The longer the plutonium remained irradiated inside a reactor — necessary for high yields of the metal — the greater the content of the plutonium @-@ 240 isotope , which undergoes spontaneous fission at thousands of times the rate of plutonium @-@ 239 . The extra neutrons it released meant that there was an unacceptably high probability that plutonium in a gun @-@ type fission weapon would detonate too soon after a critical mass was formed , producing a " fizzle " — a nuclear explosion many times smaller than a full explosion . This meant that the Thin Man bomb design that the laboratory had developed would not work properly . 





 The next year , in 1994 she surpassed this achievement , by becoming the first person to free climb the entire route in a single 24 @-@ hour period . Usually the climb takes four to six days ( Hill had previously done it in four ) and most climbers are aid climbing ; that is , most climbers allow themselves to use mechanical aids to assist their climbing rather than just their own skill and bodies . 


 Beardmore was sufficiently impressed with Shackleton to offer financial support , but other donations proved hard to come by . Nevertheless , in February 1907 , Shackleton presented to the Royal Geographic Society his plans for an Antarctic expedition , the details of which , under the name British Antarctic Expedition , were published in the Royal Society 's newsletter , Geographic Journal . The aim was the conquest of both the geographical South Pole and the South Magnetic Pole . Shackleton then worked hard to persuade others of his wealthy friends and acquaintances to contribute , including Sir Philip Lee Brocklehurst , who subscribed £ 2 @,@ 000 ( 2011 equivalent £ 157 @,@ 000 ) to secure a place on the expedition ; author Campbell Mackellar ; and Guinness baron Lord Iveagh , whose contribution was secured less than two weeks before the departure of the expedition ship Nimrod . On 4 August 1907 , Shackleton was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order , 4th Class ( MVO ; the present @-@ day grade of Lieutenant ) . 

 = = = Death camps = = = 

 Southern reedbuck , R. <unk> 


 Patrie 's main battery consisted of four Canon de 305 mm Modèle 1893 / 96 guns mounted in two twin gun turrets , one forward and one aft . The secondary battery consisted of eighteen Canon de 164 mm Modèle 1893 guns ; twelve were mounted in twin turrets , and six in casemates in the hull . She also carried twenty @-@ five 3 @-@ pounder guns . The ship was also armed with two 450 mm ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) torpedo tubes submerged in the hull . The ship 's main belt was 280 mm ( 11 @.@ 0 in ) thick and the main battery was protected by up to 350 mm ( 13 @.@ 8 in ) of armor . The conning tower had 305 mm ( 12 @.@ 0 in ) thick sides . 

 Following the discovery of the recession of the nebulae by Edwin Hubble in 1929 , Einstein abandoned his static model of the universe , and proposed two dynamic models of the cosmos , the Friedman @-@ Einstein model of 1931 and the Einstein @-@ <unk> model of 1932 . In each of these models , Einstein discarded the cosmological constant , claiming that it was " in any case theoretically unsatisfactory " . 


 The Dubai Municipality ( DM ) was established by the then @-@ ruler of Dubai , Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum , in 1954 for purposes of city planning , citizen services and upkeep of local facilities . DM is chaired by Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum , deputy ruler of Dubai , and comprises several departments such as the Roads Department , Planning and Survey Department , Environment and Public Health Department and Financial Affairs Department . In 2001 , Dubai Municipality embarked on an e @-@ Government project with the intention of providing 40 of its city services through its web portal , [ <unk> ] . Thirteen such services were launched by October 2001 , while several other services were expected to be operational in the future . Dubai Municipality is also in charge of the city 's sanitation and sewage infrastructure . 


 September 17 , 1948 . American Bar Association president Frank E. Holman begins his campaign against " treaty law " with a speech to the State Bar of California in Santa Barbara . 

 In the late 1820s Balzac dabbled in several business ventures , a penchant his sister blamed on the temptation of an unknown neighbour . His first enterprise was in publishing which turned out cheap one @-@ volume editions of French classics including the works of Molière . This business failed miserably , with many of the books " sold as waste paper " . Balzac had better luck publishing the Memoirs of the Duchess of <unk> , with whom he also had a love affair . 

 Wurtsmith 's remains were recovered from Cold Mountain and were interred in Arlington National Cemetery on 17 September 1946 . In February 1953 , the United States Air Force named Wurtsmith Air Force Base in Oscoda , Michigan , in his honor . Special guests at the dedication ceremony included his mother Ella , his widow Irene , his nephews Paul D. Wurtsmith and Fred Wurtsmith , and George Kenney . General Thomas D. White told the crowd that the base was being named after a man who was " probably the best fighter pilot and fighter tactician in all of World War II " . In 1954 , Ella Wurtsmith was named Michigan Mother of the Year . Among the letters recommending her for the honor was one from General MacArthur . 

 = = Preparations , impact , and records = = 

 = = Culture = = 


 Following Malayan independence from Britain in 1957 , proposals to federate the states of Malaya , Sabah , Sarawak , Brunei , and Singapore led to tensions with Indonesia . In late @-@ 1962 the Indonesian president , Sukarno , had begun military operations in an attempt to destabilise the new state , including an attempt to seize power in the independent enclave of Brunei in December . Following the Federation of Malaysia in 1963 , hostilities grew with military activity increasing along the Indonesian side of the border in Borneo , as small parties of armed men began infiltrating Malaysian territory on propaganda and sabotage missions . Carried out by Indonesian irregular " volunteers " , these operations continued throughout 1963 . However , by 1964 Indonesian regular army ( TNI ) units had also become involved . 

 = = Protocol = = 

 July 14 , 1973 : Pittsburgh Jazz Festival ( featuring Aretha Franklin , The Staple Singers , Walt Harper , Roland Kirk , David Newman , and Herbie Mann ) 

 In total , between 28 October 1940 and 21 September 1942 , 17 anti @-@ Jewish ordinances were proclaimed by the Military Administration . 

 The bill , proposed in the New Jersey State Senate passed in the senate with 21 votes supporting it and 19 abstentions . It passed the General Assembly by a 69 @-@ 2 vote . This act was subsequently signed into law by Governor McGreevey on July 2 , 2003 and it became effective immediately . Baraka ceased being poet laureate on that date . 

 Trade steadily grew . Three small private branches were built to serve the industries of the valley . Near the top of the canal , a branch was constructed in 1800 , which ran towards <unk> , and was connected to collieries by nearly 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) of tramroad . At <unk> , a branch built in 1817 served the <unk> Bach <unk> on the river bank . Below Neath , a 550 @-@ yard ( 500 m ) branch left the main line at Court Sart to connect to a tramroad serving the collieries at <unk> . Although there are no figures for the tonnage carried , apart from a mention of 90 @,@ 000 tons of coal in 1810 , receipts increased from £ 2 @,@ 117 in 1800 to £ 6 @,@ 677 in 1830 . Subscribers had paid a total of £ 107 @.@ 50 for their shares , and dividends were paid from 1806 , rising from £ 2 in 1806 to £ 18 in 1840 . Based on the receipts , it has been estimated that some 200 @,@ 000 tons of coal were carried when trade was at its peak , supplemented by iron , ironstone and fire clay . 



 = = Extensions = = 

 = = = Oxford University and England trial = = = 

 Like other Iridomyrmex species , the meat ant is an omnivore , retrieving food sources from various insects it tends , including caterpillars and various sorts of butterflies , particularly the larvae of the Waterhouse 's hairstreak ( Jalmenus <unk> ) . Meat ants usually feed on honeydew from sap @-@ sucking insects , flower nectar , sugar and other sweet substances . In captive colonies , workers prefer to consume small pieces of grapes rather than honey solutions and other sweet foods . These ants prey on various insects and animals , collecting both live and dead invertebrates and acquire meat from dead vertebrates . Insects the meat ants prey on include giant lacewings , which they swarm up trees to kill , the butterfly genoveva azure Ogyris genoveva , Indian <unk> , almond moths , the Western Australian jarrah <unk> and the larvae of the wasp <unk> . Large and developed larvae of the cabbage butterfly ( Pieris rapae ) are attacked more effectively by meat ant workers than those of other Iridomyrmex species . On sandy beaches , this species is observed preying on the polychaete annelid worm , <unk> intermedia , causing high mortality rates on them ( rates of 30 percent ) . These ants will feed on a number of dead or alive animals , including metamorphic crucifix toads , snakes , lizards , and birds . On some occasions , swarms of workers have been found on dead foxes . The meat ant is the only known ant in Australia that feeds on fresh guano . The collection of guano by a nearby meat ant colony shows the opportunistic nature of the species . Observations show that trails of workers in groups of two to four were found collecting the guano under an active bat roost within an abandoned mine and proceeded to return it to the nest . The collection of guano by any Australian ant colony was never recorded prior to these observations , but it is unknown why meat ants collect fresh guano . 

 Although Knowles did not perform the song in any televised appearances , it was a part of her set list on The Beyoncé Experience with Jay @-@ Z in Los Angeles on September 2 , 2007 , and her worldwide I Am ... Tour . When Knowles performed the song in Sunrise , Florida , on June 29 , 2009 , she was wearing a glittering gold leotard . As she sang , animated graphics of turntables , faders , and other nightclub equipment pulsed behind her , her dancers and the musicians . Knowles was accompanied by two drummers , two keyboardists , a percussionist , a horn section , three backup vocalists ( collectively called Suga Mama ) , and guitarist Bibi McGill . " Upgrade U " was included as the fourteenth and twenty @-@ second tracks on her live albums The Beyoncé Experience Live ( 2007 ) and I Am ... World Tour ( 2010 ) , respectively . " Upgrade U " was part of the set list of Beyoncé and Jay @-@ Z 's co @-@ headlining On the Run Tour ( 2014 ) . 

 Bob Weinstein approached Craven early in the planning stages , because he felt Craven 's previous work in the genre that combined horror and comedy would make him the perfect person to bring Williamson 's script to screen . Craven was already busy developing a remake of The Haunting and was considering distancing himself from the horror genre . He was growing weary of the inherent misogyny and violence . Weinstein approached other directors , including Robert Rodriguez , Danny Boyle , George A. Romero , and Sam Raimi . Williamson said that they " didn 't get it " ; he was concerned that having read the script , many of the directors believed the film to be purely a comedy . Craven was approached again but continued to pass in spite of repeated requests . When production of The Haunting collapsed , Craven was freed from that commitment and found himself in need of a project . Meanwhile , Drew Barrymore had signed on to the film at her own request . When he heard an established actress wanted to be involved , Craven reasoned that Scary Movie might be different from other films of the genre he had previously undertaken , and he contacted Weinstein to accept the job . 

 Suillellus luridus is a stout fungus with a thick yellow @-@ olive to olive @-@ brown convex cushion @-@ shaped cap that can reach 20 cm ( 8 in ) in diameter . The cap colour tends to darken with age , and regions of red , orange , purple , brown , or olive @-@ green can develop in maturity . The cap surface is tomentose ( velvety ) , becoming smoother with old age , and sticky in wet weather . The pore surface is initially dark red before turning orange @-@ red , and has a lighter @-@ coloured zone encircling the margin . There are 2 – 3 circular pores per millimetre , and the tubes are 1 – 2 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 0 @.@ 8 in ) deep . The tubes are shorter around the cap margin and close to the stem , where they form a circular depression . Initially pale yellow , the tubes gradually become olive @-@ yellow and then bluish @-@ green upon exposure to air . A characteristic feature is the presence of a maroon layer between the tubes and the flesh . The thick stem is 8 – 14 cm ( 3 – 6 in ) tall and 1 – 3 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 1 @.@ 2 in ) wide , and bears a distinctive orange @-@ red <unk> pattern on a paler yellowish or ochre background . The flesh is yellowish , with red marks in the cap , and stains an intense dark blue when bruised or broken . There is a faint sour smell , and the taste is described as mild . 


